1:Aggravated Assault:Aggravated assault is, in some jurisdictions, a stronger form of assault, usually using a deadly weapon. A person has committed an aggravated assault when that person attempts to cause serious bodily injury to another person with a deadly weapon, have sexual relations with a person who is under the age of consent or cause bodily harm by recklessly operating a motor vehicle during road rage; often referred to as either vehicular assault or aggravated assault with a motor vehicle. Aggravated assault can also be charged in cases of attempted harm against police officers or other public servants.
2:All Other Larceny:Larceny is a crime involving the unlawful taking of the personal property of another person or business. Larceny laws in the United States have their roots in common law, pursuant to which larceny involves the trespassory taking (caption) and carrying away (asportation, removal) of the tangible personal property of another with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of its possession. Larceny is now codified as a statutory crime in all U.S. jurisdictions.Under many states' larceny statutes, including California, larceny can include the taking of "money, labor, or real or personal property."
3:Animal Cruelty:Cruelty to animals, also called animal abuse, animal neglect or animal cruelty, is the infliction by omission (animal neglect) or by commission by humans of suffering or harm upon any non-human animal, regardless of whether the act is against the law. More narrowly, it can be the causing of harm or suffering for specific achievement, such as killing animals for food or for their fur; opinions differ about the extent of cruelty associated with a given method of slaughter. Cruelty to animals sometimes encompasses inflicting harm or suffering as an end in itself, defined as zoosadism.
4:Arson:Arson is a crime of intentionally, deliberately and maliciously setting fire to buildings, wildland areas, abandoned homes, vehicles or other property with the intent to cause damage. It may be distinguished from other causes such as spontaneous combustion, accidental fires (smoking in bed, e.g.) and natural wildfires. Arson often involves someone deliberately burning their own property, or having someone else do it, to collect the insurance.
5:Assisting or Promoting Prostitution: Promoting prostitution refers to solicit customers or transport persons for prostitution purposes; to own, manage, or operate a dwelling or other establishment for the purpose of providing a place where prostitution is performed; or to otherwise assist or promote prostitution.
6:Betting/Wagering:Betting/Wagering is the wagering of money or something of value (referred to as "the stakes") on an event with an uncertain outcome with the primary intent of winning money or material goods. Gambling thus requires three elements be present consideration, chance and prize. The outcome of the wager is often immediate, such as a single roll of dice, a spin of a roulette wheel, or a horse crossing the finish line, but longer time frames are also common, allowing wagers on the outcome of a future sports contest or even an entire sports season.
7:Bribery:Bribery is the act of giving money, goods or other forms of recompense to a recipient in exchange for an alteration of their behavior (to the benefit/interest of the giver) that the recipient would otherwise not alter. Bribery is defined by Black's Law Dictionary as the offering, giving, receiving, or soliciting of any item of value to influence the actions of an official or other person in charge of a public or legal duty.
8:Burglary/Breaking & Entering:Bruglary/Breaking & Entering is an unlawful entry into a building or other location for the purposes of committing an offence. Usually that offence is theft, but most jurisdictions include others within the ambit of burglary. To engage in the act of burglary is to burgle (in British English) or to burglarize (in American English).
9:Counterfeiting/Forgery:Counterfeiting/Forgery is the process of making, adapting, or imitating objects, statistics, or documents with the intent to deceive for the sake of altering the public perception, or to earn profit by selling the forged item. Copies, studio replicas, and reproductions are not considered forgeries, though they may later become forgeries through knowing and willful misrepresentations. Forging money or currency is more often called counterfeiting. But consumer goods may also be counterfeits if they are not manufactured or produced by the designated manufacturer or producer given on the label or flagged by the trademark symbol. When the object forged is a record or document it is often called a false document.
10:Credit Card/Automated Teller Machine Fraud:As with any device containing objects of value, ATMs and the systems they depend on to function are the targets of fraud. Fraud against ATMs and people's attempts to use them takes several forms. In an attempt to prevent criminals from shoulder surfing the customer's personal identification number (PIN), some banks draw privacy areas on the floor. This type of fraud has spread globally. Although somewhat replaced in terms of volume by skimming incidents, a re-emergence of card trapping has been noticed in regions such as Europe, where EMV chip and PIN cards have increased in circulation.
11:Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property:Destruction/Damage/Vandalism of Property is an "action involving deliberate destruction or damage to public or private property." The term includes property damage, such as graffiti and defacement directed towards any property without permission of the owner.
12:Drug Equipment Violations:Drug Equipment Violations refers to the unlawful manufacture, sale, purchase, possession, or transportation of equipment or devices utilized in preparing and/or using drugs or narcotics.
13:Drug/Narcotic Violations:Drug/Narcotic Violations is the unlawful cultivation, manufacture, distribution, sale, purchase, use, possession, transportation, or importation of any controlled drug or narcotic substance. 
14:Embezzlement:Embezzlement the unlawful misappropriation by an offender to his/her own use or purpose of money, property, or some other thing of value entrusted to his/her care, custody, or control.
15:Extortion/Blackmail:Extortion/Blackmail is to unlawfully obtain money, property, or any other thing of value, either tangible or intangible, through the use or threat of force, misuse of authority, threat of criminal prosecution, threat of destruction of reputation or social standing, or through other coercive means.
16:False Pretenses/Swindle/Confidence Game:False Pretenses/Swindle/Confidence Game is the intentional misrepresentation of existing fact or condition, or the use of some other deceptive scheme or device, to obtain money, goods, or other things of value.
17:Fondling:Fondling refers to the touching of the private body parts of another person for the purpose of sexual gratification, forcibly and/or against that person's will or not forcibly or against the person's will in instances where the victim is incapable of giving consent because of his/her youth or because of his/her temporary or permanent mental or physical incapacity. 
18:Gambling Equipment Violation:To unlawfully manufacture, sell, buy, possess, or transport equipment, devices, and/or goods used for gambling purposes.
19:Hacking/Computer Invasion:Hacking/Computer Invasions occurs when someone who seeks to breach defenses and exploit weaknesses in a computer system or network. Hackers may be motivated by a multitude of reasons, such as profit, protest, information gathering, challenge, recreation, or to evaluate system weaknesses to assist in formulating defenses against potential hackers. The subculture that has evolved around hackers is often referred to as the computer underground.
20:Human Trafficking, Commercial Sex Acts:Human trafficking in which a commercial sex act is induced by force, fraud, or coercion, or in which the person induced to perform such act has not attained 18 years of age; or the recruitment, harboring, transportation, provision, or obtaining of a person for labor or services, through the use of force, fraud, or coercion, for the purpose of subjection to involuntary servitude, peonage, debt bondage, or slavery.
21:Human Trafficking, Involuntary Servitude:Human trafficking is a form of slavery. Human Trafficking is the recruitment, harboring, transportation, provision, or obtaining of a person for the purpose of exploitation by the use of force, fraud, or coercion. Exploitation may take many forms, including labor and sexual exploitation. Human Trafficking has historically occurred in agriculture, food processing, packaging, apparel, and textiles. Migrant workers are particularly vulnerable to coercion and fraud when removed from their home country. 
22:Identity Theft: Identity theft refers to the fraudulent acquisition and use of a person's private identifying information, usually for financial gain.
23:Impersonation:Impersonation is falsely representing one's identity or position, and acting in the character or position thus unlawfully assumed, to deceive others and thereby gain a profit or advantage, enjoy some right or privilege, or subject another person or entity to an expense, charge, or liability which would not have otherwise been incurred.
24:Incest:Incest refers to nonforcible sexual intercourse between persons who are related to each other within the degrees wherein marriage is prohibited by law.
25:Intimidation:Intimidation is to unlawfully place another person in reasonable fear of bodily harm through the use of threatening words and/or other conduct, but without displaying a weapon or subjecting the victim to actual physical attack. 
26:Justifiable Homicide:Justifiable Homicide is the killing of a perpetrator of a serious criminal offense by a peace officer in the line of duty, or the killing, during the commission of a serious criminal offense, of the perpetrator by a private individual.
27:Kidnapping/Abduction:Kidnapping/Abduction refers to the unlawful seizure, transportation, and/or detention of a person against his/her will, or of a minor without the consent of his/her custodial parent(s) or legal guardian.
28:Motor Vehicle Theft:Motor Vehicle Theft simply refers to the theft of a motor vehicle.
29:Murder and Nonnegligent Manslaughter:Murder and Nonnegligent Manslaughter refers to the willful (nonnegligent) killing of one human being by another.
30:Negligent Manslaughter:Negligent Manslaughter refers to the killing of another person through negligence.
31:Operating/Promoting/Assisting Gambling:To unlawfully operate, promote, or assist in the operation of a game of chance, lottery, or other gambling activity.
32:Pocket-picking:Pocket-picking refers to the theft of articles from another person's physical possession by stealth where the victim usually does not become immediately aware of the theft.
33:Pornography/Obscene Material:Pornography refers to the violation of laws or ordinances prohibiting the manufacture, publishing, sale, purchase, or possession of sexually explicit material, e.g., literature, photographs, etc.
34:Prostitution:Prostitution is the business or practice of engaging in sexual activity in exchange for payment. Prostitution is sometimes described as commercial sex or hooking. Prostitution occurs in a variety of forms. Brothels are establishments specifically dedicated to prostitution. In escort prostitution, the act may take place at the client's residence or hotel room (referred to as out-call), or at the escort's residence or a hotel room rented for the occasion by the escort (in-call). Another form is street prostitution. Although the majority of prostitutes are female and have male clients, a prostitute can be, and have clients, of any gender or sexual orientation.
35:Purchasing Prostitution:Prostitution is the business or practice of engaging in sexual activity in exchange for payment. Prostitution is sometimes described as commercial sex or hooking. Prostitution occurs in a variety of forms. Brothels are establishments specifically dedicated to prostitution. In escort prostitution, the act may take place at the client's residence or hotel room (referred to as out-call), or at the escort's residence or a hotel room rented for the occasion by the escort (in-call). Another form is street prostitution. Although the majority of prostitutes are female and have male clients, a prostitute can be, and have clients, of any gender or sexual orientation.
36:Purse-snatching:Purse-snatching refers to the grabbing or snatching of a purse, handbag, etc., from the physical possession of another person.
37:Rape:Rape refers to the carnal knowledge of a person, forcibly and/or against that person's will or not forcibly or against the person's will in instances where the victim is incapable of giving consent because of his/her temporary or permanent mental or physical incapacity.
38:Robbery:Robbery refers to the taking, or attempting to take, anything of value under confrontational circumstances from the control, custody, or care of another person by force or threat of force or violence and/or by putting the victim in fear of immediate harm.
39:Sexual Assault With An Object: This crime refers to the use an object or instrument to unlawfully penetrate, however slightly, the genital or anal opening of the body of another person, forcibly and/or against that person's will or not forcibly or against the person's will in instances where the victim is incapable of giving consent because of his/her youth or because of his/her temporary or permanent mental or physical incapacity.
40:Shoplifting:Shoplifting refers to the theft, by someone other than an employee of the victim, of goods or merchandise exposed for sale.
41:Simple Assault:Simple assault refers to an unlawful physical attack by one person upon another where neither the offender displays a weapon, nor the victim suffers obvious severe or aggravated bodily injury involving apparent broken bones, loss of teeth, possible internal injury, severe laceration, or loss of consciousness.
42:Sodomy:Sodomy refers to oral or anal sexual intercourse with another person, forcibly and/or against that person's will or not forcibly or against the person's will in instances where the victim is incapable of giving consent because of his/her youth or because of his/her temporary or permanent mental or physical incapacity.
43:Sports Tampering:Sports tampering refers to unlawfully alter, meddle in, or otherwise interfere with a sporting contest or event for the purpose of gaining a gambling advantage.
44:Statutory Rape:Statutory rape refers to nonforcible sexual intercourse with a person who is under the statutory age of consent.
45:Stolen Property Offenses:Stole property offenses refers to receiving, buying, selling, possessing, concealing, or transporting any property with the knowledge that it has been unlawfully taken, as by Burglary, Embezzlement, Fraud, Larceny, Robbery, etc.
46:Theft From Building: This kind of theft refers to a theft from within a building which is either open to the general public or where the offender has legal access.
47:Theft From Coin-Operated Machine or Device: This kind of theft refers to a theft from a machine or device which is operated or activated by the use of coins.
48:Theft From Motor Vehicle: This kind of theft refers to the theft of articles from a motor vehicle, whether locked or unlocked.
49:Theft of Motor Vehicle Parts or Accessories: This kind of theft refers to the theft of a motor vehicle's parts or accessories.
50:Weapon Law Violations:Weapon Law Violations refers to the violation of laws or ordinances prohibiting the manufacture, sale, purchase, transportation, possession, concealment, or use of firearms, cutting instruments, explosives, incendiary devices, or other deadly weapons.
51:Welfare Fraud:Welfare fraud refers to the use of deceitful statements, practices, or devices to unlawfully obtain welfare benefits.
52:Wire Fraud:Wire Fraud refers to the use of an electric or electronic communications facility to intentionally transmit a false and/or deceptive message in furtherance of a fraudulent activity.
